Add new BBE for never-type (#3091)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/never-type/never_type.md

# Never type

> `never` means that no value belongs to the type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `never` type is the type to which no value belongs to.
```

> `never` means that no value belongs to the type.

Reviewer: Why have we omitted content that is available in the slides? We can also update the bal file to include an example for `xml<never>`.

Author: Added an example

> The `never` type is the type to which no value belongs to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `never` type is the type to which no value belongs.
```
